well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about puppets on parade the debates
there weren't a lot of surprises in it
we kind of knew what everybody was gonna
say going into it we've seen their
campaign contributors we know who backs
them we know their positions we know
what they're gonna say there are a few
wildcards you've got yang and y'all you
guys can stop messaging me I will talk
about him in depth at some point just
not tonight
you got yang you've got Williamson
you've got Tulsi you have some that are
outside of the political more you do but
most we knew what was coming I think
that this is a very important election
and not just for the reason of we have
to get Trump out of office that's a
priority and I think it's very important
that that happens but there's something
even more important we hit that slide we
took that turn towards fascism towards
totalitarianism we we need to do a
u-turn we need to get away from that if
we're going to have a representative
democracy we have to move back towards
that that requires us to hold our
elected officials accountable and to
move away from any traits associated
with those two-bit dictatorships it's
very important that we do that
and in that light two things surprise me
two things worth talking about the first
was bad judgment Joe Biden owning his
bad judgment over the Iraq war vote okay
good for you there aren't a lot of
politicians that would do that they'd
blame it on anything else anything other
than themselves
you owned it good
now drop out of the race bad judgment is
man I shouldn't have had that ninth shot
bad judgment is seeing your ex after six
months and going man what was I thinking
bad judgment is a fling with an intern
the bad judgment you're talking about
killed almost half a million people
killed almost half a million people I'm
not sure that bad judgment is the right
term and I'm not just holding that Biden
to this standard I don't think anybody
that supported that war should still be
in office they should be gone I do
believe that judgment that cost the
lives of almost half a million people
should preclude you from higher office
the other thing that caught my ear
wasn't really a surprise because big
surprise the cop once to lock someone up
the calls to prosecute president Trump
I've had a lot of people ask me to talk
about the Mueller thing I haven't done
it because of what I'm about to say
regardless of what's right or wrong
it was never really gonna happen we have
a Republican Senate we have a Republican
Senate their duty is to set party
politics aside but they wouldn't so even
if the house impeach there's no way the
Senate would convict so that portion of
it was always a show I do believe that
the house has an obligation to impeach I
think they should do that I think it's
very important that they do at the same
time I can understand politically why
they're not doing it I don't think
they're right but I understand the
motivation
now the next step of that is prosecuting
them once he's out of office okay
this is the way they said this this
plays out
more than likely so they try to get the
indictment which there's enough evidence
if this was a normal person oh yeah oh
yeah but it's not a normal person it's
the President of the United States and
even once he's out of office he still
perform a president of the United States
you're gonna have his allies putting
pressure on DOJ to make sure it doesn't
happen beyond that you're gonna have
those people who are just interested in
protecting the institution of the United
States trying to make sure it doesn't
happen because it's an embarrassment
I understand Trump alone is an
embarrassment but the idea of a former
president saying in a criminal courtroom
is a defendant that's embarrassing
but let's say it happens okay for the
sake of argument they get the indictment
then what you have to find a jury with
12 people and not a single one of them
can be a trump supporter because if one
person says not guilty what's happened
yeah
Trump walks but beyond that what's
happened it set a real precedent that
the occupant of the Oval Office is truly
above the law that's dangerous that is
very dangerous now beyond that we're
supposed to be moving away from the
traits of two-bit dictatorships locking
up the opposing political party that's
one of those traits it's no secret I am
NOT a fan of Hillary Clinton do not like
her policies I don't like a whole lot of
things however when I heard lock her up
lock her up I cringed because that's
what it reminded me of it reminded me of
all of those countries where when the
new guy comes in he locks everybody up
from the old party also very dangerous
and teetering back and forth with that
as a campaign promise eventually
somebody's going to do it now does that
mean that I think Trump should walk oh
no not at all I think a priority for the
first person or the next person that
takes the Oval Office I think one of the
first things they should do is
reestablish ties with the International
Criminal Court because I believe the ICC
has a very strong case against the
president for his actions on the border
and that's the purpose of the ICC
they're there to prosecute when the
nation in question is unable or
unwilling to do so I understand the
desire to see President Trump in
orange jumpsuit I really do
doesn't have to be in the US can it be
at The Hague because then we can still
move away from the traits of these
dictatorships we can break away from
that rhetoric we can turn around and
move away from fascism rather than just
taking baby steps towards it we can use
the mechanisms that exist for people
like him anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good night